#76 Webpage Review 2 (#78)
Inbibo/shift_docs: docs/reference/developer_guide/api.md

# Shift API

The developers documentation can be found at the following location in the installation folder:

> `<path_to_the_shift_installation_folder>/docs/html/index.html`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`&ltpath_to_the_shift_installation_folder&gt/docs/html/index.html`
```

Author: This is showing up correctly
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b0395f9f-09f6-42f9-bd52-74dc28df7d4e)
